[c-c++] Indent line with formatter (#17058)
syl20bnr/spacemacs: layers/+lang/c-c++/README.org

| clangd | =lsp-clients-clangd-executable= |
| ccls   | =ccls-executable=               |

***** Indent line with lsp

> To indent the line with lsp, setting the layer variable
> =c-c++-formatter-indent-line= to non-nil, it will follow the lsp indent feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To indent a line using LSP, set the layer variable
c-c++-formatter-indent-line to a non‑nil value. 
This enables indentation according to the LSP formatting feature.
```

directory as the file being edited, or in any of its parent directories. If no
=.clang-format= file is found, then a default style will be used.

> To enable indent line with clang-format, set the variable
> =c-c++-formatter-indent-line= to =t=:
> #+BEGIN_SRC emacs-lisp
>   (setq-default dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
>                 '((c-c++ :variables c-c++-formatter-indent-line t)))
> #+END_SRC
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable indentation with clang-format, set =c-c++-formatter-indent-line= to =t=:
#+BEGIN_SRC emacs-lisp
  (setq-default dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
                '((c-c++ :variables c-c++-formatter-indent-line t)))
#+END_SRC

```
